FEDERALIST PAPERS, ALL THE
RESERVATIONS OF PARTICULAR
RIGHTS OR PRIVILEGES WOULD
AMOUNT TO NOTHING.
THE COURTS GUARD OUR RIGHTS AND
THE SENATE GUARDS OUR COURTS.
THAT, MR. PRESIDENT, IS WHY
TODAY IS SUCH AN IMPORTANT DAY.
THAT IS WHY THE VOTE WE TAKE
THIS AFTERNOON, A VOTE TO
CONFIRM A NEW ASSOCIATE JUSTICE
OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE
UNITED STATES REPRESENTS ONE OF
THE MOST CONSEQUENTIAL DECISIONS
A SENATOR EVER MAKES.
THE MEMBERS OF THIS BODY ARE
DUTY-BOUND TO ENSURE WE CONFIRM
JUSTICES OF THE SUPREME COURT
WHO ARE MEN AND WOMEN OF THE
HIGHEST CHARACTER AND THE MOST
SUPERLATIVE QUALIFICATIONS.
FORTUNATELY, THAT IS JUST THE
SORT OF NOMINEE WHO STANDS
BEFORE US TODAY.
12 WEEKS AGO THE PRESIDENT
NOMINATED THE JURIST WHO HAS
BEEN DESCRIBED BY LEGAL PEERS OF
ALL POLITICAL STRIPES AS A
SUPERSTAR, A SERIOUS SCHOLAR,
AND WHO IS LEGENDARY FOR HIS
PREPARATION AND POSSESSES THE
QUALIFICATIONS, THE TEMPERMENT
AND THE JUDICIAL PHILOSOPHY TO
BE AN EXCELLENT ASSOCIATE
JUSTICE.
THE PRESIDENT NOMINATED A
BRILLIANT STUDENT OF THE LAW,
THOSE WHO TAUGHT AND KNEW THE
NOMINEE AT YALE SAY, QUOTE, IT
IS HARD TO NAME ANYONE WITH
JUDICIAL CREDENTIAL AS STRONG AS
JUDGE KAVANAUGH.
THEY DESCRIBE A TRUE
INTELLECTUAL, A LEADING THINKER,
AND A WONDERFUL MENTOR AND
TEACHER.
AND THOSE HE'S MENTORED, A
DIVERSE GROUP OF BRIGHT YOUNG
LAWYERS WHO CLERKED FOR JUDGE
KAVANAUGH, TALK ABOUT HIS WORK
ETHIC, HIS UNFLINCHING HONEST
ADVICE, AND HIS FUNDAMENTAL
HUMILITY.
FOR 12 WEEKS THE SENATE HAS SEEN
THAT THIS IS NOT EMPTY PRAISE.
WE HAVE SEEN THE LEGENDARY
PREPARATION OF A TIRELESS JUDGE.
WE'VE SEEN THE PATIENCE OF A
COMMITTED MENTOR AND TEACHER.
WE'VE SEEN THE HUMILITY OF A
TRUE INTELLECTUAL WHO LET HIS
RECORD SPEAK FOR ITSELF.
EACH OF US HAVE SEEN IT FOR
OURSELVES.
EVERY SENATOR WHO CAME INTO THIS
PROCESS WITH A AN OPEN MIND HAVE
SEEN THAT VERY SAME BRETT
KAVANAUGH FIRSTHAND.
WE'VE SEEN HIS BRILLIANCE, HIS
PAINSTAKING THOROUGHS IN ON
DISPLAY IN THE 300 PLUS OPINIONS
HE ISSUED ON THE D.C. CIRCUIT.
FOR 12 YEARS JUDGE KAVANAUGH
EXCELLED ON THE BENCH THAT MANY
EXPERTS SEE AS THE SECOND MOST
IMPORTANT COURT IN OUR NATION.
WE'VE SEEN HIS KINDNESS
FIRSTHAND IN OUR PRIVATE
MEETINGS WITH THE NOMINEE.
PRECISELY THE APPROACH THAT IS
SO NECESSARY ON THE COURT.
WE'VE SEEN HIS PROFESSIONAL
EXCELLENT AS WE REVIEWED MORE
PAGES OF DOCUMENTS PERTAINING TO
JUDGE KAVANAUGH'S CAREER THAN
FOR ANY OTHER SUPREME COURT NO,
NOMINATION IN OUR HISTORY.
PAGES THAT DEPICT A METICULOUS
AND DEDICATED PUBLIC SERVANT.
AND YES, WE HAVE NOW STUDIED THE
RESULTS OF SEVEN -- SEVEN FBI
BACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS,
INQUIRY AS THAT HAVE PRODUCED NO
EVIDENCE WHATSOEVER TO
CORROBORATE ANY PRIOR
MISCONDUCT, BUT RATHER ARE
CONSISTENT WITH ALL WE KNOW
ABOUT THIS NOMINEE'S STERLING
CHARACTER.
THIS HISTORICALLY TALL MOUNTAIN
OF EVIDENCE A ADDS UP TO ONE
CLEAR MESSAGE.
JUDGE BRETT KAVANAUGH IS AMONG
THE VERY BEST OUR NATION HAS TO
OFFER.
HE WILL MAKE THE SENATE AND THE
COUNTRY PROUD.
HE WILL SERVE WITH DISTINCTION
ON OUR HIGHEST COURT.
HE UNQUESTIONABLY DESERVES
CONFIRMATION AND THE COUNTRY
DESERVES SUCH A SUPREME COURT
JUSTICE.
NOW, MR. PRESIDENT, AS I'VE
EXPLAINED, THE STAKES ARE ALWAYS
HIGH, ALWAYS HIGH, WHERE A
SUPREME COURT CONFIRMATION IS
CONCERNED.
THIS TIME, THIS TIME STAKES ARE
HIGHER.
A LOT HIGHER THAN THEY'VE BEEN
IN THE PAST.
I CAN'T SUM THIS UP BETTER THAN
OUR FRIEND AND DISTINGUISHED
COLLEAGUE, THE SENIOR SENATOR
FROM MAINE PUT IT IN HER
HISTORIC -- HISTORIC REMARKS
YESTERDAY.
THIS WHAT IS THE SENIOR SENATOR
FROM MAINE SAID.
IT IS WHEN PASSIONS ARE MOST
INFLAMED THAT FAIRNESS IS MOST
WHY JEOPARDY.
SHE SAID, WHEN PASSIONS ARE MOST
INFLAMED IS WHEN FAIRNESS IS
MOST IN JEOPARDY.
WE ALL KNOW THE EVENTS OF RECENT
WEEKS HAVE STAINED, STRAINED THE
COUNTRY'S COMEDY AND FANNED THE
FLAMES OF PARTISAN DISCORD.
BUT EVEN MORE CRITICALLY, OUR
VERY COMMITMENT TO THE BASIC
PRINCIPLES OF FAIRNESS AND
JUSTICE IS ALSO BEING TESTED.
BASIC PRINCIPLES OF FAIRNESS AND
JUSTICE BEING TESTED RIGHT HERE.
A VOTE TO CONFIRM JUDGE
KAVANAUGH TODAY IS ALSO A VOTE
TO SEND A CLEAR MESSAGE ABOUT
WHAT THE SENATE IS.
THIS IS AN INSTITUTION WHERE THE
EVIDENCE AND THE FACTS MATTER.
THIS IS THE CHAMBER IN WHICH THE
POLITICS OF INTIMIDATION AND
PERSONAL DESTRUCTION DO NOT WIN
THE DAY.
THIS IS THE BODY WHOSE MEMBERS
THEMSELVES UPHOLD THE SAME
COMMITMENT TO AMERICAN JUSTICE
THAT WE SEEK IN THE JUDGES WE
EXAMINE.
A VOTE TO CONFIRM JUDGE
KAVANAUGH TODAY IS A VOTE TO END
THIS BRIEF, DARK CHAPTER IN THE
SENATE'S HISTORY AND TURN THE
PAGE TOWARD A BRIGHTER TOMORROW.
CHAMBER WE ARE PRIVILEGED TO
OCCUPY IS OFTEN CALLED THE
WORLD'S GREATEST BODY FOR GOOD
REASON.
RECALL THE WORLD'S GREATEST BODY
FOR A GOOD REASON.
WHEN THE RUBBER MEETS THE ROAD,
WHEN THE HOUR IS CRITICAL, WHEN
A HISTORIC PRECEDENT NEEDS TO BE
SET, THE UNITED STATES SENATE
MOST OFTEN FINDS ITS WAY TO
DOING WHAT IS RIGHT.
TODAY WE CAN HONOR THAT HISTORY.
WE CAN VOTE TO TURN AWAY FROM
THE DARKNESS.
WE CAN VOTE TO SET A PRECEDENT
ABOUT FAIRNESS AND JUDGMENT THAT
WILL DEFINE THIS BODY FOR THE
BETTER.
WE CAN VOTE TO CONFIRM AN
EXCELLENT SUPREME COURT JUSTICE
WHO WILL MAKE THE SENATE AND THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE PROUD.
I YIELD THE FLOOR.
SHANNON:  YOU'VE BEEN WATCHING
THERE WHERE THE TWO TOP LEADERS
OF THE SENATE HAVE SPOKEN, THE
TOP DEMOCRAT, CHUCK SCHUMER, THE
MAJORITY LEADER, TOP REPUBLICAN,
MITCH McCONNELL.
YOU SEE VICE PRESIDENT MIKE
PENCE IS PROVIDING OVER THE
SENATE.
IF THERE WAS A TIE, HE WOULD BE
THE TIEBREAKER.
WE'RE TOLD MOST REPUBLICANS ARE
IN THEIR SEATS.
MANY OF THE DEMOCRAT SEATS
REMAIN T EMPTY AT THIS POINT.
CHRIS:  THIS WILL BE ONE OF THE
RARE MOMENTS BY THE END OF THE
VOTE WHEN ALL -- I WAS GOING TO
SAY 100 SEAT -- 99 SEATS WILL BE
FILLED.
STEVE DANES IS WALKING HIS
DAUGHTER DOWN THE AISLE.
NOW THE VOTE IS GOING TO BE
TAKEN.
LET'S LISTEN IN.
>> SERGEANT AT ARMS WILL RESTORE
ORDER IN THE GALLERY.
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
[YELLING]
>> IS THERE A SUFFICIENT SECOND?
THERE'S A SUFFICIENT SECOND.
THE CLERK WILL CALL THE ROLL.
>> MR. ALEXANDER -- [YELLING.
>> THE SERGEANT AT ARMS WILL
RESTORE ORDER IN THE GALLERY.
[YELLING]
>> THE SERGEANT AT ARMS WILL
RESTORE ORDER IN THE GALLERY.
[YELLING]
>>
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> THE SERGEANT OF ARMS WILL
RESTORE ORDER IN THE GALLERY.
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> THE SERGEANT AT ARMS WILL
RESTORE ORDER IN THE GALLERIES.
THE SERGEANT AT ARMS WILL
RESTORE ORDER IN THE GALLERY.
>> THE CLERK MAY CONTINUE.
>> MS. BALDWIN.
>> MR. BENNETT.
MR. BLUMENTHAL.
>> NO.
>> MR. BLUNT.
>>
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MR. BOOKER.
MR. BOOZMAN.
MR. BROWN.
>> NO.
>> MR. BURR.
>>
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MS. CANTWELL.
MRS. CAPITO.
MR. CARDIN.
MR. CARPER.
>>
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MR. CASEY.
>> NO.
>> MR. CASSIDY.
>>
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MS. COLLINS.
[YELLING]
>> THE SERGEANT AT ARMS WILL
RESTORE ORDER IN THE GALLERY.
CONTINUE.
>> MR. COONS.
>> NO.
>> MR. CORKER.
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MR. CORNING.
>> [YELLING]
>> SENATOR WILL SUSPEND.
SERGEANT AT ARMS WILL RESTORE
ORDER IN THE GALLERY.
[YELLING]
>> THE SERGEANT AT ARMS WILL
RESTORE ORDER IN THE GALLERY.
RESUME.
>> MR. CORNING.
MRS. CORTEZ MASTO.
MR. COTTON.
>>
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MR. KREPO.
MR. CRUZ.
>> AYE.
>> MR. DANES.
MR. DONNELLY.
MS. DUCKWORTH.
MR. DURBIN.
>> NO.
>> MR. ENS.
>> MRS. ERNST.
>> AYE.
>> MRS. FEINSTEIN.
MRS. FISHER.
>> AYE.
>> [YELLING]
>> THE SERGEANT AT ARMS WILL
RESTORE ORDER IN THE GALLERY.
CONTINUE.
>> MR. FLAKE?
>> AYE.
>> MR. GARDNER.
>> MRS. GILIBRAND.
MR. GRAHAM.
>> AYE.
>> MR. GRASSLEY.
>> MS. HARRIS.
>> NO.
>> MS. HOUSE IN.
HOUSEIN.>>
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MR. HATCH.
>> MR. HEINRICH.
MS. HEITKAMP.
MR. HELLER.
MS. HIRONO.
>> NO.
>> MR. HOOVIN.
>> AYE.
>> MRS. HYDE SMITH.
>> MR. INHOFE.
>> AYE.
>> MR. ISAKSON.
>> MR. JOHNSON.
>> AYE.
>> MR. JONES.
>> NO.
>> MR. KAINE.
>> MR. KENNEDY.
>> AYE.
>> MR. KING.
>> NO.
>> MS. KLOBUCHAR.
>> MR. KYL.
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MR. LANGFORD.
>> AYE.
>> MR. LEAHY.
>>
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MR. LEE.
>> AYE.
>> MR. MANCHIN.
>> SHAME, SHAME, SHAME!
>> THE CLERK WILL SUSPEND.
THE SERGEANT AT ARMS WILL
RESTORE ORDER IN THE GALLERY.
>> [YELLING]
>> THE SERGEANT AT ARMS WILL
RESTORE ORDER IN THE GALLERY.
>> [YELLING]
>> CLERK MAY CONTINUE.
>> MR. MARKEY.
>> NO.
>> MRS. McCASKILL.
>>
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MR. McCONNELL.
>> A AYE.
>> MR. MENENDEZ.
>> NO.
>> MR. MURKLY.
>> MR. MORAN.
>>
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MS. MURKOWSKI.
>>
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MR. MURPHY.
MRS. MURRAY.
>>
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MR. NELSON.
MR. PAUL.
>> AYE.
>> MR. PURDUE.
>> MR. PETERS.
>> NO.
>> MR. PORTMAN.
>> AYE.
>> MR. REID.
>> NO.
>> MR. RISCH.
>> AYE.
>> MR. ROBERTS.
>> MR. ROUNDS.
>> AYE.
>> MR. RUBIO.
>> MR. SANDERS.
>> NO.
>> MR. SASS.
>> AYE.
>> MR. SHOTS.
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
MR. SCHUMER.
>>
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MR. SCOTT.
>> AYE.
>> MRS. SHAHEEN.
>> NO.
>> MR. SHELBY.
>> AYE.
>> MS. SMITH.
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MS. STABENOW.
>>
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MR. SULLIVAN.
>> AYE.
>> MR. TESTER.
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MR. THUNE.
>> AYE.
>> MR. TILL LISS.
TILLIS.>> AYE.
>> MR. TOOMEY.
>> AYE.
>> MR. UDALL.
>>
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MR. VAN HOLLEN.
>> NO.
>> MR. WARNER.
>>
[ INDISCERNIBLE ]
>> MS. WARREN.
>> NO.
>> MR. WHITEHOUSE.
>> MR. WICKER.
>> AYE.
>> MR. WYDEN.
>> NO.
>> MR. YOUNG.
>> AYE.
>>
>> WITH MY FRIEND THE SENATOR
FROM MONTANA, SENATOR DANES, WHO
IS WALKING HIS DAUGHTER DOWN THE
AISLE THIS AFTERNOON, IF HE WERE
PRESENT AND VOTING, HE WOULD
HAVE VOTED AYE.
I HAVE VOTED NO.
THE PAIR WILL NOT CHANGE THE
OUTCOME OF THE VOTE.
I THEREFORE WITHDRAW MY VOTE.
>> THE SENATOR HAS THAT RIGHT.
>> SENATORS VOTING IN THE
AFFIRMATIVE.
ALEXANDER, BARASO, BLUNT,
BOOZMAN, BURR CAPITO, CASSIDY,
COLLINS, CORKER, CORNYN, COTTON,
KREPO, CRUZ, ENSI, ERNST,
FISHER, FLAKE, GARDNER, GRAHAM,
GRASSLEY, HATCH, HELLER, HOVINS,
HYDE SMITH, INHOFE, ISAKSON,
JOHNSON, KENNEDY, KYL, LANGFORD,
LEE, MANCHIN, McCONNELL,
MORAN, HALL, PERDUE, PORTMAN.
CHRIS:  WE ARE GOING TO PAUSE
FOR A MOMENT NOW TO LET OUR FOX
STATIONS JOIN US.
WELCOME TO OUR FOX NEWS LIVE
COVERAGE OF THE SENATE VOTE TO
CONFIRM BRETT KAVANAUGH FOR THE
SUPREME COURT.
I'M CHRIS WALLACE.
SHANNON:  I'M SHANNON BREAM.
WE ARE HERE IN WASHINGTON.
YOU'RE GOING TO LISTEN LIVE AS
THEY'RE TALKING THROUGH THE
VOTES NOW.
THE ROLL CALL, AS YOU LISTEN, TO
HEAR THE TALLIES, WHAT AT THIS
MOMENT APPEAR TO BE A
CONFIRMATION FOR KAVANAUGH.
>> SENATORS VOTING IN THE
NEGATIVE.
BALDWIN, BENNETT, BLUMENTHAL,
BOOKER, BROWN, CANTWELL, CARDIN,
CASEY, DONNELLY, DUCKWORTH,
DURBIN, FEINSTEIN, GILLI DISS
BRAND, HARRIS, HASIN, HEINRICH,
HEITKAMP, KLOBUCHAR, LEAHY,
MARKEY, McCASKILL, MENENDEZ,
MURKLY, MURRAY, NELSON, PETERS,
REID, SANDERS, SHOTS, SCHUMER,
SHAHEEN, SMITH, STABNOW, VAL
HOLEEN, WHITEHOUSE.
WYDEN.
>> MR. MURPHY.
>> MR. MURPHY, NO
.
CHRIS:  WHAT'S GOING ON RIGHT
NOW IS THAT THEY ARE WAITING FOR
SENATORS WHO MISSED THE FIRST
ROLL CALL AND THERE WERE A FEW
WHO DID TO COME TO THE FLOOR AND
TO VOTE AND THEN THEY'LL HAVE
THE FINAL TALLY WHICH IS GOING
TO SHOW THAT THE SENATE HAS
VOTED TO CONFIRM JUDGE
KAVANAUGH.
SHANNON:  JUST MOMENTS AGO
PEOPLE SAW SENATOR LISA
MURKOWSKI, REPUBLICAN WHO IS
VOTING NO, STEP UP TO SAY SHE IS
PAIRING HER VOTE, SOMETHING THEY
CAN DO IN THE SENATE, WHERE
SOMEONE HAS TO BE AWAY, WE
TALKED ABOUT GOP SENATOR STEVE
DANES IS AWAY AT HIS DAUGHTER'S
WEDDING TODAY IN MONTANA.
THEY HAVE AN AGREEMENT WHERE SHE
IS VOTING NO, HE IS VOTING YES.
THEY PAIR THEIR VOTES AND SINCE
THEY OFFSET EACH OTHER, SHE
PULLS BACK HER VOTE AND VOTES
PRESENT IN ESSENCE, THAT WOULD
GET US TO 50-48 AND ONE.
CHRIS:  GOOD TO SEE SOMEBODY HAS
THE RIGHT SENSE OF PRIORITY AND
HE APPARENTLY FLATLY SAID, STEVE
DANES, I DON'T CARE IF IT'S A
SENATE CONFIRMATION VOTE, I AM
WALKING MY DAUGHTER DOWN THE
AISLE.
SHANNON:  IT SPARKED A LOT OF
CONVERSATIONS IN FAMILIES, WHAT
WOULD YOU DO IN THAT MOMENT.
NOW, HE DID HAVE A BACKUP PLAN
IN THAT A CONGRESSMAN FROM
MONTANA HAD SAID I WILL ALLOW
YOU TO USE MY PRIVATE PLANE IF
NECESSARY.
IF YOU NEED IT, TO GET THERE.
THERE WAS A BACKUP PLAN FOR HIM
TO BE HERE IF NEEDED.
I DIDN'T WANT THE JUDGE TO THINK
HE WAIVERRING.
NOW BECAUSE OF THE AGREEMENT IT
LOOKS LIKE HE CAN ENJOY THE
WEDDING.
CHRIS:  EARLY IN THE ROLL CALL,
BEFORE WE CAME ONTHE NATIONAL
FOX NETWORK, THERE WAS A LOT OF
DISRUPTION, AN UNUSUAL AMOUNT OF
DISRUPTION IN THE SENATE
GALLERY.
THERE WERE 121 PUBLIC SEATS
THERE.
ANYONE THAT PASSES THROUGH
SECURITY CAN SIT IN THE GALLERY.
YOU'RE ADMONISHED YOU'RE NOT
ALLOWED TO SUPPORT EITHER
SUPPORT OR ANY DISAGREEMENT WITH
ANY DECISION OR ANY STATEMENT
THAT'S MADE.
YOU'RE THERE TO SIT AND WATCH
THE SENATORS DO WHAT THEY DID.
WHEN THEY BEGAN THE ROLL CALL IT
SOUNDED MOSTLY LIKE FEMALE
VOICES SHOUTING VERY MUCH IN
OPPOSITION TO THE KAVANAUGH
NOMINATION AND PARTICULARLY WHEN
JEFF FLAKE, WHO WAS CONSIDERED
ONE OF THE KEY SWING VOTES, WAS
VOTING AND VOTING FOR KAVANAUGH,
YOU COULD HEAR ONE OF THE FEMALE
PROTESTERS UP IN THE SENATE
GALLERY SHOUT AND CALL FLAKE A A
COWARD AND SHE WAS ESCORTED OUT.
WE'RE TOLD THOSE 121 SEATS LEFT
IN THE -- HERE WE GO.
WAITING FOR SOME STRAGGLERS.
I CAN TELL YOU THE SENATORS --
>> NO.
CHRIS:  WAITING FOR TAKING
LETTERS.
THE SENATORS WANT TO GET ON
PLANES AND FLY HOME.
IT IS A HOLIDAY WEEKEND AND THEY
WANT TO GO BACK TO THEIR STATES
BUT THEY'RE WAITING FOR THIS
VOTE TO BE COMPLETED.
SO WHOEVER IT IS THAT HASN'T
VOTED YET IS NOT GOING TO BE
POPULAR.
SHANNON:  LOOKS LIKE WE GOT THE
FINAL VOTE IN THAT WE'RE GOING
TO GET TODAY.
>> AS A REMINDER TO OUR GUESTS
IN THE GALLERY, EXPRESSIONS OF
APPROVAL OR DISAPPROVAL ARE NOT
PERMITTERRED IN THE SENATE --
PERMITTED IN THE SENATE GALLERY.
ARE THERE ANY SENATORS IN THE
CHAMBER WHO WISH TO VOTE OR
CHANGE A VOTE?
IF NOT, ON THIS VOTE THE AYES
ARE 50, THE NAYS ARE 48, THE
NOMINATION OF BRETT M. KAVANAUGH
OF MARYLAND TO BE AN ASSOCIATE
JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT OF
THE UNITED STATES IS CONFIRMED.
MAJORITY LEADER.
>> I ASK THE MOTION TO
RECONSIDER BE MADE AND LAID UPON
THE TABLE AND THE PRESIDENT BE
NOTIFIED OF THE SENATE'S ACTION.
>> WITHOUT OBJECTION.
>> I ASK FOR --
>> SERGEANT AT ARMS WILL RESTORE
ORDER IN THE GALLERY.
THE CLERK WILL CALL THE ROLL.
CHRIS:  AFTER THREE LONG MONTHS,
THE NOMINATION WHICH CAME ON
JULY 9th AND THE CONFIRMATION
WHICH COMES TODAY, BRETT
KAVANAUGH IS OFFICIALLY
CONFIRMED TO THE SUPREME COURT
AND WILL TAKE HIS SEAT ON THE
COURT ON TUESDAY AFTER THE
COLUMBUS DAY HOLIDAY.
PLEASE STAY TUNED TO FOX NEWS
CHANNEL AND THIS FOX STATION FOR
CONTINUING COVERAGE OF THIS
STORY.
I'M CHRIS WALLACE.
SHANNON:  I'M SHANNON BREAM IN
WASHINGTON.
SHANNON:  LET'S BRING BACK OUR
PANEL IN WASHINGTON AS WE HAVE
JUST WATCHED THIS MOMENT IN
HISTORY, MO, START WITH YOU.
WE TALKED A LITTLE AS WE WERE
WAITING FOR THIS VOTE TO GO
FORWARD, THERE HAVE BEEN
STRENUOUS PROTESTS AT EVERY
TURN.
IT IS NOW OFFICIAL THAT JUDGE
KAVANAUGH WILL BECOME JUSTICE
KAVANAUGH.
WHERE DOES THE RESISTANCE, THE
FIGHT AGAINST THIS PROCESS AS WE
SAW IT PLAY OUT, WHERE DOES IT
GO NEXT?
>> I THINK SENATOR SCHUMER
PROBABLY SAID IT BEST AND THAT
IS IT'S GOING TO TAKE PLACE AT